feat✨(transfer):Add a new direction parameter  for  filterOption func… (#44417)
ant-design/ant-design: components/transfer/index.en-US.md

| dataSource | Used for setting the source data. The elements that are part of this array will be present the left column. Except the elements whose keys are included in `targetKeys` prop | [RecordType extends TransferItem = TransferItem](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/blob/1bf0bab2a7bc0a774119f501806e3e0e3a6ba283/components/transfer/index.tsx#L12)\[] | \[] |  |
| disabled | Whether disabled transfer | boolean | false |  |
| selectionsIcon | custom dropdown icon | React.ReactNode |  | 5.8.0 |

> | filterOption | A function to determine whether an item should show in search result list, only works when searching | (inputValue, option, direction: `left` \| `right`): boolean | - |  |

Reviewer: 英文也补一下

> | filterOption | A function to determine whether an item should show in search result list, only works when searching | (inputValue, option, direction: `left` \| `right`): boolean | - | direction: 5.9.0 |

Reviewer: API文档markdown表格最后一列表示的是表示整个`filterOption`自哪个版本号开始支持, 所以不能放最后吗, 可以参考中文那边, 放描述里面.

> | filterOption | A function to determine whether an item should show in search result list, only works when searching, (' direction 'since 5.9.0+ support) | (inputValue, option, direction: `left` \| `right`): boolean | - |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filterOption | A function to determine whether an item should show in search result list, only works when searching, (add `direction` support since 5.9.0+) | (inputValue, option, direction: `left` \| `right`): boolean | - |  |
```
